---
title: "Google Workspace Updates Weekly Recap - April 24, 2026"
url: "http://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/weekly-recap-04-24-2026.html"
date: "2026-04-24T14:14:00.000-07:00"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela (noreply@blogger.com)"
feed_url: "http://feeds.feedburner.com/GoogleAppsUpdates"
---
<h3 style="text-align: left;">Seamlessly join meetings on Google Meet hardware with “Connect Room”</h3><div>In December 2025, we introduced Connect room to organizations on the Rapid Release track enrolled in Early Preview Rooms. We’re excited to announce that this feature is now rolling out to all Workspace customers with Google Meet hardware.  | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/seamlessly-join-meetings-on-google-meet-hardware-with-Connect-Room.html" target="_blank">how to seamlessly join meetings on Google Meet hardware with “Connect Room”</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Introducing Workspace Intelligence, with admin controls</h3><div>We announced Workspace Intelligence, an underlying AI system that provides Gemini with a real-time understanding of your work across Google Workspace. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/introducing-workspace-intelligence-with-admin-controls.html" target="_blank">Workspace Intelligence, with admin controls</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">New Gemini capabilities in Google Docs help you go from blank page to brilliance</h3><div>We’re reimagining the AI writing experience in Google Docs to help you move from a blank page to a finished document faster than ever. Google Docs is evolving from a traditional word processor into a collaborator that understands your organization’s context. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/new-gemini-capabilities-in-google-docs-help-you-go-from-blank-page-to-brilliance.html" target="_blank">the new Gemini capabilities in Google Docs help you go from blank page to brilliance</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Build and edit complex spreadsheets with Gemini in Google Sheets</h3><div>We’re excited to introduce new Gemini in Sheets capabilities that enable you to build and edit entire spreadsheets using simple natural language. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/build-and-edit-complex-spreadsheets-with-Gemini-in-Google-Sheets.html" target="_blank">how to build and edit complex spreadsheets with Gemini in Google Sheets</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Paste and convert unformatted text into Google Sheets tables with Gemini</h3><div>We're excited to introduce a new AI-powered feature in Google Sheets that allows you to transform unstructured text into organized tables. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/paste-and-convert-unformatted-text-into-Google-Sheets-tables-with-Gemini.html" target="_blank">how to paste and convert unformatted text into Google Sheets tables with Gemini</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Effortlessly automate data entry in Google Sheets using Fill with Gemini</h3><div>We're introducing Fill with Gemini in Google Sheets, a new AI-powered feature designed to make data preparation and manual entry even easier. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/effortlessly-automate-data-entry-in-Google-Sheets-using-Fill-with-Gemini.html" target="_blank">how to effortlessly automate data entry in Google Sheets using Fill with Gemini</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Faster performance and doubled cell limits in Google Sheets</h3><div>We’re committed to continuously improving Sheets to ensure it is a powerful, responsive, and scalable spreadsheet tool for your needs. To that end, we’re announcing significant performance improvements across the entire Sheets experience, especially for larger data sets, making it faster than ever to import, analyze, and manage your data. | Learn more about&nbsp;<a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/faster-performance-and-doubled-cell-limits-in-Google-Sheets.html" target="_blank">the faster performance and doubled cell limits in Google Sheets</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Ask Gemini in Drive now generally available</h3><div>In March, we announced a beta for Ask Gemini in Drive. This feature is now generally available and has started rolling out to eligible Google Workspace and Google AI plans. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/ask-gemini-in-drive-now-generally-available.html" target="_blank">how to ask Gemini in Drive now generally available</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">AI Overviews in Drive now generally available</h3><div>In March, we announced a beta for AI Overviews in Drive. This feature is now generally available and has started rolling out to eligible Google Workspace and Google AI plans. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/ai-overviews-in-drive-now-generally-available.html" target="_blank">the AI Overviews in Drive now generally available</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Create custom branded avatars in Google Vids with Nano Banana 2</h3><div>You can now brand your custom avatars in Google Vids by uploading a logo of your choice and using the power of Nano Banana 2 to refine how it appears on screen. You now have the creative control to ensure your AI-generated presenters align with your organization's visual identity. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/create-custom-branded-avatars-in-google-vids-with-Nano-Banana-2.html" target="_blank">how to create custom branded avatars in Google Vids with Nano Banana 2</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Search faster and smarter with AI Overviews in Gmail search</h3><div>With AI Overviews in Gmail search, you can now ask natural language questions in Gmail’s search bar and get concise summaries and answers without digging through emails. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/search-faster-and-smarter-with-ai-overviews-in-Gmail-search.html" target="_blank">how to search faster and smarter with AI Overviews in Gmail search</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Introducing data import: An easier, faster, and higher-fidelity migration to Google Workspace at no additional tool cost</h3><div>We are excited to announce the general availability of our new Google Workspace data migration tool for enterprises: Data import. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/introducing-data-import-easier-faster-and-higher-fidelity-migration-to-Google-Workspace-at-no-additional-tool-cost.html" target="_blank">the new Data import: An easier, faster, and higher-fidelity migration to Google Workspace at no additional tool cost</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Use your Gems in your Google Workspace Studio flows</h3><div>We are integrating Gems into Google Workspace Studio as a step that you can add to your flows. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/use-your-gems-in-your-google-workspace-studio-flows.html" target="_blank">how to Use your Gems in your Google Workspace Studio flows</a>.</div><div><br /></div><div><span style="font-size: x-small;">The announcements above were published on the Workspace Updates blog over the last week. Please refer to the original blog posts for complete details.</span></div>
