---
title: "Google Workspace Updates Weekly Recap - May 1, 2026"
url: "http://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/05/google-workspace-updates-weekly-recap.html"
date: "2026-05-01T13:08:00.000-07:00"
author: "Chelsea (noreply@blogger.com)"
feed_url: "http://feeds.feedburner.com/GoogleAppsUpdates"
---
<h3 style="text-align: left;">Move from conversation to creation with file generation in Gemini</h3><div>Gemini can now transform your ideas, using conversational prompts, directly into thoughtfully formatted files, such as Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides, PDFs and more, directly in your chats with Gemini. | Learn more about how to <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/move-from-conversation-to-creation-with-file-generation-in-Gemini.html" target="_blank">move from conversation to creation with file generation in Gemini</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Students can now create personal class notebooks with NotebookLM in Google Classroom</h3><div>With this launch, we’re allowing students in higher education who are 18 years of age and older to create their own notebooks for courses in Google Classroom. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/students-can-now-create-personal-class-notebooks-with-NotebookLM-in-Google-Classroom.html" target="_blank">students creating personal class notebooks with NotebookLM</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Workspace audit logs: New functionality and expanded event fields in the Admin console</h3><div>We're releasing&nbsp;several enhancements to deepen the security investigation capabilities of the Workspace audit log, including expanded fields across many data sources. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/workspace-audit-logs-new-functionality-and-expanded-event-fields-in-the-admin-console.html" target="_blank">new functionality and expanded event fields in the Admin console</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">New ways to customize AI-generated meeting notes</h3><div>We are giving users more control over "Take notes for me" in Google Meet with new customization options and an improved Decisions section. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/new-ways-to-customize-ai-generated-meeting-notes.html" target="_blank">new ways to customize&nbsp;AI-generated meeting notes</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">New: Agent tools and security updates for Google Workspace developers</h3><div>We're&nbsp;opening the Workspace MCP server to public developer preview and&nbsp;introducing a standardized tiering model for all agent tools inclusive of our APIs in Workspace. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/05/agent-tools-and-security-updates-for-workspace-developers.html" target="_blank">agent tools and security updates for Google Workspace developers</a>.</div><h3 style="text-align: left;">Google Takeout Transfer now supports Google Photos for Education users</h3><div>We’re expanding Google Takeout Transfer to include Google Photos, allowing users to migrate their memories from their school or university-issued Google account to a personal Google account. | Learn more about <a href="https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/05/google-takeout-transfer-now-supports.html" target="_blank">Google Takeout Transfer support for Google Photos</a>.</div><div><br /></div><div><span style="font-size: x-small;">The announcements above were published on the Workspace Updates blog over the last week. Please refer to the original blog posts for complete details.</span></div>
